done:
  1. simple canvas test
  2. simple mandel rendering
  3. movement support
  4. scrolling support
  5. updating header numbers
  6. updating header numbers with good precision
  7. normalized iteration count
  8. fix coordinate flip
  9. inertia on scrolling
  10. fix coordinates becoming NaN on inertia due to velMag being 0 (thus division by 0)
  11. make event handlers prevent default action (primarily for scrolling if it is embedded in an iframe)
  12. add random fuzzing / artifical banding support
  13. zoom smoothly
  14. remove preventdefault on mousedown, up, move
  15. update log rendering mode
  16. add other color palletes
  17. esc key to reset position
  18. touch support
  19. settings menu
  20. add reset button to settings menu
  21. add basic webgl implementation and fix resizing webgl canvas
  22. gpu support
  23. feature complete the shader
  24. add starting prompt that explains what site is and that double click for settings menu
  25. make settings menu cog
  26. fix pmousex and y not set before zoom operation
  27. escape to close popups
  28. add basic math.js support
  29. add math.js js perturbation calculation mode
  30. remove unnecessary debug_log element
  31. fix coord element wrapping
  32. add math.js inertia support
  33. mark perturbation calculations as beta
  34. add math.js webgl perturbation calculation mode
  35. slightly adjust perturbation thresholds
  36. add remarketing menu (easter egg 1; currently inaccessible)
  37. add special keybind sequence for remarketing menu (easter egg 1)
  38. add visual indicator for konami code progress (easter egg 1)
  39. make konami code timeout after a while (easter egg 1)
  40. add presentation mode zooming capability
  41. add more remarketing things (easter egg 1)
  42. self reflection (easter egg 2)
  43. add the ability to crash the mandelbrot set (easter egg 3)
  44. add escape key to uncrash the mandelbrot set (easter egg 3)
  45. remarketing now closed or backed by escape key (easter egg 1) and now can only crash mandel when movement is unlocked (easter egg 3)
  46. add crashing to gpu perturbation mode (easter egg 3)
  47. fix uniforms recalculation and buffer reinitialization every frame :skull:
  48. mild fix to previous fix
  49. fix switch between gpu shader and gpu shader perturbation modes

todo:
  webgl-test should have 2 versions, test2 is only one with shaders, because render mode 2 doesn't need to have shaders load or use glresize at all (i think)
  move crashing position / scale hash out of shader code and make it a uniform (easter egg 3)
  add crashing to other render modes (easter egg 3)
  proper ui size on mobile
  localstorage support
  add log render and complete all features of perturbation mode
  add settings for artificial banding
  add sliding precision interval
  better help
  arrow keys or wasd and +-?
  info page
  feature matrix, vert is render modes horz is features
  html lang = en
  remove link type= since it's implied
  make crashed mandel boundary on the right be based on screen absolute percentage instead of changeable normpx (which changes with aspect ratio)
  find some good solution for precision loss when switching off of and back to the extreme precision modes
  
  add escape key or reset button on settings to reset
  
  use screenspace texture instead of perfectly positioned 3d space texture
  
  add multithreaded cpu mode
  
  bug when zooming after changing page zoom; zoom is relative to point outside screen (zooming in) or much closer to center (zooming out)
  bug on move and zoom; one frame delay on move and zoom before motion occurs, especially noticeable when render takes 1/5 second
  bug when switching between 2d and webgl canvases; deleting and recreating canvas, and opengl stuff, causes memory leak
  high subpixel scale like 5 causes zooming in/out to occur not from location of cursor but from a different place instead

extended todo:
  histogram coloring
  calculate average image divergence ratio
  add sliding iteration count interval
  add toggle for ambient noise of the mandelbrot set, generated from iteration counts or something

extra:
  fix black borders at some resolutions / aspect ratios
  make settings cog actually clickable on mobile
  scale canvas image by devicepixelratio
  add "take picture" button that creates a new shader canvas and renders image at full res or even 4k, saves image, then closes
  add credits page to credit the sorting algos mp3's
